# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the `Property` class?

	In the property file we have an initialize function which is constructing the blueprint for the Property instances.

	The actual data is coming from the console.rb file where we are using the hash rocket to assign keys to values.


Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby `Property` object into the database?

	In the save() method we are storing some SQL commands in a variable called sql.  That is putting the instantiated property object into the SQL database.

Q3. In `console.rb`, which lines modify the database?

	These are the lines which modify the database as they have the SQL commands on them

	Property.delete_all()

	property1.save()
	property2.save()

Q4. Why do we not define the id of a `Property` object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?

	Because we have it as a serial.  This is a better way as it means the machine has control of making the IDs and will not make a mistake where us humams would .

Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby `Property` object?

	Where and how is it generated by the database?!

	In the initialise function an ID attribute is created in the hash.

	In the save() function we attach an ID to each object it seems!

Q6. Why do we put a guard (an `if` clause) on the `@id` attribute in the constructor?

	So we don't reassing the same id twice - no idea how it does this though

Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?

	Some functions perform tasks on individual instances and some functions on every single instance in the table.

Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to `db.exec_prepared()`? In the `save` method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?

	An array of hashes is returned.  

	As ID is the first key/value pair (as we wrote in our init funciton) we want to access index [0] 

	Now we have the hash we want we now type ['id'] which is the key.  This gives us the value.  We convert this to 
	an integer just to make sure. 

Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?

	To stop SQL injections.  

	Not exactly sure how even though it was explained I didn't quite grasp it.

## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the `Property` class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?
	
	the id or the address which are being used as the key to find the hash.

Q11. What are their return values?

	the complete hashes 




My Questions

	What does options translate to in initialise 


